Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I wouldn't go that way.
Good evening.
You have come to steal from me tonight?
I must apologize.
He can be a little...
Overprotective at times.
I am herr Goodman.
Please.
Shadows don't scare me anymore.
That's better.
What was it you were hoping to find?
Money?
Jewels?
My tréhot?
Ah. yes.
A beautiful and priceless piece.
I wonder what is it that drives one to...
To risk freedom
or even death?
Come here.
I promise I will not hurt you.
Come.
Does she remind you of anyone?
My mother.
I see now.
Do you know what that is?
Your number.
From the camps.
Many in the world continue to deny it.
I am pleased to hear
you acknowledge the truth.
I knew I made the right choice.
What do you mean?
We are not too different. you and I.
We both know what it means to carry
the suffering of our ancestors.
hatred of our eternal enemy.
You may not take the renoir tonight.
but you may come and enjoy it
any time you like
on one condition.
And what is that?
Instead of stealing from me.
you're going to steal for me.
Gentlemen.
Why are you here?
Oh. you know me. I couldn't stay away.
Retirement doesn't really suit me.
Have you tried gardening?
A cruise. perhaps?
You know. unless there was a vote
to remove me.
I believe I'm still a member
of this organization.
We should've voted you out
the moment you failed.
I did what I had to do.
That was not your decision to make.
You know damn well
Josef would've destroyed those paintings
rather than see them stay
in the hands of Nazis.
What I don't know is what Josef
ever saw in you in the first place.
You've never belonged here.
You can't ever understand.
I'll ask again.
Am I not still the ceo...
Of this organization?
Annabel...
Welcome home. hmm?
You look well.
What brings you in?
Alek.
I found them. I found all of them.
- What?
- Yes.
- Where?
- Here. They're in Los Angeles.
Our resources are no longer
at your disposal.
I'm not asking for permission.
Oh. look. Annabel.
I want to honor Josef as much as you do.
but I'm afraid I have to agree.
No. alek. Listen to me.
This is our chance to do everything
Josef wanted us to do.
The world will not forgive another failure
after what happened.
We must put our faith and resources
in the courts.
When I first met Josef.
we had just arrived at the camp.
We were standing in line for our numbers.
We were only ten years old.
Frightened and alone.
Being tattooed by strangers.
And when the Americans freed us.
we ran away the first chance we got.
We walked. we hiked.
we rode for four nights back to his home.
All he could talk about
was getting back to this box.
He was like a brother to me.
A father to you.
So you understand.
I made a promise to Josef.
One I plan on keeping.
Tell us. Annabel. what do you need?
So?
They gave their full support.
No. Seriously?
Well. how'd you convince them
to trust you again?
Not for you to worry about.
Now. this is still about stealing
paintings back from Nazis. right?
- Of course.
- Because last time it got personal.
- and shit went sideways real fast.
- Like I said.
it's not for you to worry about.
Okay? Now. come on. Come on.
Whoa. where are we going?
We need intel.
Please. not Lucille. Don't say Lucille.
Yes. We're gonna go see Lucille. Come on.
I'm in.
How are you in?
This is the strongest firewall we have.
I don't know what to tell you.
Back doors. buffer overflow.
vulnerabilities...
Okay. Great. How do we fix it?
That's not my job.
Okay.
Do I need to remind you of the conditions
of your little work-release?
I'll run diagnostics and have a report
to you by tomorrow morning.
Your lab rats should be able to close
most of the gaps in the firewall.
Hey. luce.
Eddie.
_ |__ - how've you been?
- You look good. _ uh...
You clearly didn't understand
"stay the hell away from me."
- You're still mad at me?
- Wow. I...
Wait a minute.
If you're here. that means...
Hey. Lucille.
How you been?
Surviving.
Good. I got a job for you.
I already have a job.
What. working for the feds?
Yeah. well. it pays the bills
and keeps me out of jail.
We pull this one off.
you'll be free and clear.
It's the FBI.
You don't just make a phone call.
Why do you think you're still not in jail
right now?
Seriously?
The syndicate still has connections
in the state capital.
We'd be helping each other out.
The only person you've ever helped out
is yourself.
I... I'm not down to go
through that shit again with you two.
No. thank you.
You really want to spend
the next five to ten years
explaining shit to men
who aren't even half as smart as you?
Huh? Come on. Lucy. Come on.
You're better than that.
I need you. mama.
I really need you.
Him too?
I'll deal with him.
What are we stealing?
A painting.
Four paintings.
Wait. What? Four?
Four paintings. Come on.
Four paintings.
So. who's the Mark?
Otto huizen.
A German venture capitalist
whose investments are focused
on trying to create
a Neo-Nazi fourth reich.
- Sounds like a piece of work.
- Yeah. he's sadistic.
And you're sure he has all four paintings.
Huizen recently had
a business meeting with Uriel kantor.
- The Russian oligarch?
- Yep.
That's him.
After a few bottles of vodka.
they started trying to compare
whose billions were bigger.
And priceless pieces of aitwork
came to mind?
Huizen was bragging about
missing paintings only he gets to look at.
A Russian and a Nazi.
What could go wrong?
He's more than just a Russian.
He's Jewish.
His uncles were atauschwitz.
Same time as Josef.
- So what's the play?
- Okay.
I'm gonna spam his company's email server
with a weaponized pdf.
I mean. it won't take long for one
of his idiot employees to click on it.
And then the real fun begins.
- Whoo! Got you!
- Whoa. what the hell?
Got you.
You okay?
Oh. I am better than okay.
Hook. line. and sinker. baby. I...
I now have access to their network
and their log-in credentials...
And their network...
So. uh...
- You were saying that...
- Yeah. I was saying... I'm in. I'm...
H can see everything.
- What's everything?
- Everything. Everything.
Um. emails. banking info.
purchase history. browser history...
Whoa. whoa. wait. wait. wait.
You-you can do that? You can. like.
see what websites he looks at?
I could.
That's a little scary.
I bet he looks up a lot of weird shit.
What. what do you... what do you mean?
You know. rich guys like him. they all got
their freaky shit they're into.
You know. I bet he looks up some. like.
bondage s&m type shit or something.
Well. if you think that's freaky.
then you need to get out more often.
Oh. yeah? Well. that doesn't sound like
the Lucy I remember.
Hmm. if you only knew.
Okay. now get out of here.
You're making me hot.
- Like. I'm hot. I'm hot.
- I do. I know.
Go. Please.
Hey. hey.
Hey. I gotta make this quick.
So. one of his dumb-ass lackeys
clicked on the fake file.
It transmitted identifying packets
that I ran through a decryption program.
- I pwned his network.
- You what?
It... it means I made it my own. I own it.
Any security systems will be online
and I'll be able to disable
and intercept any alarms.
Alright. [gotta go. Bye.
Hey. good work.
Now let's go steal us some blueprints.
Okay. okay.
Welcome. I'm Victoria.
What can we design for you?
- Nice to meet you.
This is my assistant. Nathan...
- Hi.
- And we're looking to build
a new weekend house on the northern coast.
Excellent. If you'll follow me.
we can head back to our conference room
and take a look at a few designs.
Thank you.
Excuse me. Victoria?
Is there a washroom I may use?
Of course. Just down this hallway
and to the right.
Thank you.
I like a lot of space.
You know. open floor plan.
Of course. I think I have
just the architect for you.
Wonderful. I can't wait to meet them.
Is everything alright?
- Can I get you some coffee or water?
- No. I'm fine. thank you.
I hope Nathan is okay.
I'm sure he's okay.
Would you excuse me?
I'm actually gonna go ahead
and use the restroom.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
- Where have you been?
- I thought I'd take a tour. you know.
- This looks like a nice place to work.
- We don't have time for that.
- Did you get what we need?
- I got lost. okay.
Just thought I'd ask questions... come on.
We got a problem.
I've been going through his emails.
invoices.
Huizen has a safe technician to the house
every six months.
So. I started searching
for other similar purchases
and found that he owns
a gateway super defender trx.
It's one of the best home safes out there.
- We need a locksmith.
Well. there's more.
The security cameras around the house
are ip cameras.
I've been streaming the feeds of each one.
I've counted no less than
half a dozen guards on the property.
We're gonna need a wildcard too.
- Really? You sure?
- Yeah. Definitely.
What about Ricky?
Not up for parole for another 18 months.
Max?
Got out. Retired.
I might know a guy.
Okay. Fine. Get him.
I'm gonna go see Nadia.
Hey. Nadia.
Don't tell me you locked your keys
in the car.
Well. hello to you too.
- What do you want?
- Looks like you could use
a little excitement in your life
right now.
- Excitement?
- Mm-hmm.
I have all the excitement
I need right here.
Mm-hmm. How about a challenge?
I've known you for a very long time.
And you know damn well
you can't challenge me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
How about a gateway super defender?
Residential. Heavily guarded. High stakes.
Five. ten minutes tops?
That safe is 20 man-hour resistant
and you want me to break into one
in under ten minutes?
- Yep.
- Is that right?
Mm-hmm.
I guess Eddie's gonna have to take
a crack at it. huh?
Eddie?
Mm-hmm.
How about you don't come into my shop
and insult me?
So can you do it?
I'm in.
["Put your money on me"
by oi' big bear playing"
- Come on here!
- Hey. Bruno!
If I see your ass here again.
you ain't gonna need a phone.
I'm gonna break every one of those fingers
on that pretty little hand of yours.
You understand? Now piss off.
Piss off!
Eddie!
What the hell. man?
What are you doing in. uh. skid row. huh?
Still striking the fear of god
into children. I see.
Agh. you know. the little shit
wanted to buy a phone.
then he thinks
he can just take off with it.
Fucking kids these days.
What the hell you doing at a pawnshop?
You make good money here?
Uh. you know. old man pays cash to keep
the crackheads and the tweakers out.
You want a real job? Big payday.
Pulling your own work now?
Not yet. Still with my same crew.
Always play second fiddle
standing in the same place too long.
Thanks for the career advice.
You in?
Shh. Whose ass I gotta kick. huh?
Okay. so huizen's property
is set up like a compound.
It sits right on the water.
We're gonna take advantage of that. Okay?
We're gonna moor here. and these rocks
shouldn't be difficult to get up.
Uh. why... why the water?
I mean. why not just approach on foot?
Well. the back patio
is the least guarded side of the house.
There are two guards at the front door
around the clock.
two guards in the driveway.
and another guard inside the house
that roams the first floor.
A fourth one takes care of the back patio
about every 35 or 45 minutes.
If we time it right.
we can get in the house undetected.
Assuming there's sliding patio doors?
Yep. We see them in the main floor camera
and the back patio camera.
Nadia?
Sliding glass doors usually have
a mortise bolt lock.
Easy to get into.
but I'll be ready for anything heavier.
Okay. good. Once in.
we have to subdue the first floor guard.
Hmm. Leave that to me.
We just need him incapacitated. Not hurt.
How are you expecting to drop someone
without hurting them? Just a tiny bit.
- I mean. I... I can do it.
- Pull back.
- I know a little jujitsu.
- A little?
- Well. congratulations.
- Can you do it?
- I think I can handle it.
- Alright.
We'll find the safe
and then Nadia will be up.
Uh. what about huizen?
We hit the house when he's not home. Luce?
Yeah. his secretary keeps his calendar
in the cloud.
He'll be in San Francisco next weekend.
Just the guards will be there.
We can be in and out
without any of other guards
ever knowing we were there.
Then it's set. Lucille will disable
the alarm from here.
and override all the camera feed
creating a loop of clean feed.
Wait a second. You're coming?
Yeah. I'm coming.
Why shouldn't I?
Uh... ooh...
I don't know.
Um. it's just. uh...
Um...
Why? Because she's a woman?
Um. it's just that... wow. Um...
Don't look at me. man.
You're digging your own grave here.
- Yeah. okay.
- Okay. you... you're funny.
You're real funny. bro. But. um. I've been
waiting on this score for a long time
so there's no way I'm gonna be missing it.
Okay? So...
No. hey. it's cool. It's awesome. Love it.
I don't have to be the fastest.
I just gotta outrun you.
Oh. uh. even in heels.
you can't outrun me. okay? So. yeah.
Alright. back to work.
Annabel.
Get my fucking purse!
Ah. miss Gomez.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you.
Please. sit.
Do you know there's an actual bounty
on your head?
- The kerrs?
- Yeah.
Seems retribution is the price
for their destroyed monet.
How much?
The monet?
The bounty.
Half million.
- Coffee?
- No. thank you.
Tell me.
Why destroy such a priceless piece
of artwork?
You know who the kerrs are
and where they're from.
Ah. so their ideology gives you the right
to take and destroy what is theirs?
It's not theirs. It was stolen.
- Really?
- Yeah.
From whom? When?
It was taken from the Rosenbaum family
during the Nazi plunder of France.
Sound familiar?
Never heard of such a thing.
What about the execution
of six million Jews?
I bet you never heard of that either. huh?
I should turn you over to the kerrs
right now and collect that bounty.
So what are you waiting for?
I take pleasure in watching you chase
after things you cannot have.
things that are not yours.
You're right. They're not mine.
They belong to the world.
And I'm gonna give them back.
I'm gonna give them all back.
Even yours.
You can't possibly believe that.
You will never get my paintings.
The world is not worthy of them.
Only a superior people
deserve such fine art.
Oh. Well.
when you're ready to collect
on that bounty.
you know where to find me.
Your arrogance intrigues me.
Come for my paintings.
And when you fail.
then I'll collect the bounty.
Till then.
Excuse me.
- Hey.
We need to talk.
Are you okay?
- What happened in there?
- I'm fine.
The kerrs are on me. They want payback
for destroying the monet.
Shit.
- And now he knows we're coming.
- Relax. Okay? I got this.
He showed his hand. He has the paintings.
We stick to the plan.
Jesus. what are we walking into here.
Annie? Just be straight with me.
Is this just another syndicate job?
What paintings are we stealing?
A monet. a degas. Picasso. and a Van gogh.
Fuck.
I knew it. Josef's paintings.
We've been through some shit. Annie.
And god knows I owe you. but I ain't ready
to die for some paintings.
Well. I'm not sorry.
because I made a promise.
A promise that I'm willing to die for.
- You know you gotta sit this one out now.
- No. no.
- Annabel. you've been made...
- No! No.
You've been made
and it's the only way we move fonnard.
We decided it would be better off
if Annabel didn't come along.
Why the sudden change?
Look. we can't take any chances
on this one. okay?
We think it's best
if I make the plays from here.
keep eyes and ears on everything
and if something goes south.
I can bail you out.
Okay. but what's the backup plan?
Lucme?
I can... I can do it.
No. Okay. I can do Annabel's part.
And mine.
Thanks. though. sweetheart.
I appreciate the team effort.
- Holy shit.
- Damn.
I said I got it.
Okay. good.
- There you go. Good job. mama.
- Mm-hmm.
Alright. come on.
Stop fucking around. Let's go.
Focus. That was good. mama.
Show him you can kick his ass.
that's right.
Thank you.
So you think she can handle it?
Yeah. absolutely.
You know. I understand
what these paintings mean to you.
No. I don't think you do.
I was 18.
living in the streets.
stealing everything I could
that wasn't nailed to the floor
just to survive.
But I was good at it.
And I'd heard about this old Jewish guy
that had a stash of cash in his safe.
I went there to steal it.
And hanging on the wall in the office
was this painting.
It was a renoir.
It was beautiful.
I was just mesmerized by this.
the beauty of this woman in this painting.
It was just visceral.
and so powerful to me.
Did you steal it?
Josef caught you?
Josef saved me.
I don't know how.
but he planned the whole thing.
Josef was like a father to me.
He was my mentor.
He taught me everything I know.
He believed he could heal the world
of all its pain through art.
And he wanted to give back all the beauty
that was stolen by the Nazis.
You think it'll still work?
Those four paintings
belong to Josef's family.
And he spent his whole life
searching for them. so it has to work.
This is the only chance
we're gonna get. Eddie.
We got a big problem.
- Lucille. what's going on?
- They're...
- What?
- They're hackbacking me.
They... they're hacking my system.
Okay. So... so. what can we do?
- Should we pull the plug or something?
- No. no. no.
If we do that.
I'll-I'll never know who it was.
- what they've seen. what they've taken...
- What if you try to just like to...
Okay. everyone just needs to shut up
and let me work!
That's it. I... yeah. I... they've...
- What's happening?
- Shit. I'm... I'm locked out. They've...
- What?
- They-they changed everything.
They're onto us. They know we're coming.
How?
Fuck!
Shit.
Annabel!
Josef"
I'm so sorry.
Nice.
Eat.
Okay. bro. uh...
Are you gonna...
You gonna hurry up a little bit?
I gotta check my email.
I gotta update my blog.
- You know. I got followers.
- Hey. luce.
Am I reading this right?
Yeah. Yeah. those are the invoices.
I thought you said you were locked out.
No. I am. That's just from the data mine
I did of their servers and cloud.
What's safe domains?
That's the company that services the safe
at the house.
Hold on a second.
The invoices are dated two days ago.
Wait.
The service wasn't done at the house.
It was done at a different address.
Do you think he moved the paintings?
I mean. it would make sense to.
If he knew we knew where they were.
Yeah. there's the threat of us
alerting the authorities.
- Guys...
- And a guy like huizen
- would be threatened by that.
- Guys...
- I mean. he'd need something bigger.
- Guys!
What?
A moving company specializing
in the crating and packaging of fine arts
was at the house the next day.
- Where's the address?
- Right here in downtown la.
What?! Oh. my god! Yes! Yes!
Good job. Nadia. we in business. baby.
- Yes.
- We have some work to do.
- Alright.
- Good. good.
'Cause I was this close to finding myself
another team.
Can I check my. uh. email?
Update my blog? You good?
- Oh...
- No? I can do it later.
Annabel. I just...
I just wanted to apologize.
I don't know how they found me
in their network.
I don't blame you.
- Lucy. it wasn't your fault.
- I just...
- What do you mean?
- I don't know what happened.
They should have never known I was there.
Lucy. don't worry about it.
- We're gonna be okay. Alright?
- Come on. Annabel.
- Yo.
- Seriously. what the hell?
- Leave it alone. It's fine.
- Oh. fuck that.
You can't let her think she messed up.
It wasn't her fault.
- Yo. you guys want tacos?
- It's not gonna help.
Bullshit. Her confidence is shaken.
We need her solid.
Since when the fuck do you give a shit
about her feelings?
Alright. someone tell me what the hell
is going on right now. or I walk.
- They didn't find you. Lucille.
- Don't.
They found her.
What?
She was made two days ago.
Huizen cornered her.
There's a bounty on her head
for the last job we botched.
Oh... that's why you're not coming.
- Lucy. wait.
- Annabel. what the fuck?!
I thought this job was gonna be different
than the last?!
I told you nothing good
would come out of that.
People are crazy.
Luce. Luce. slow down.
Hey.
- Can you wait up? Luce?
- What?
I... what are you doing?
Please come back.
Come back. Wow. Okay.
- Okay.
- I-I need a minute.
Okay. let's... let's take one.
You... You broke me. Eddie.
- You broke me.
- I know. I'm...
I'm sorry.
I was scared and...
- I wasn't ready...
- Okay. cut the bullshit.
Look. there's...
There's nothing I can say right now
that's gonna make anything better. okay?
When Annabel wanted to come get you. I...
I didn't fight her.
Okay? I didn't fight her. I...
I thought. that if I saw you again...
I thought that I could make things right.
But this is bigger than us.
And we can't do it without you.
- You know... god. I...
- What?
- I knew I couldn't trust her.
- Hey.
You can trust me.
Yeah. well. I hope you're right.
Lucille...
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I want to apologize to all of you. I...
This job is not like any otherjob.
Each one of you
is the best at what you do.
I chose you.
We're trying to right a wrong
against humanity.
and Josef believed that.
and I believe that.
And I'm putting my faith and trust
in each of you.
You're my team. I need you.
I can't do this without you.
Okay.
Okay. I'll stay.
I'm still here.
Nadia?
I'm in. just don't hide anything
from us anymore. Okay?
Please.
Agh...
I mean. look. that...
Killer speech. killer speech.
Now. I hate Nazis
as much as the next guy. but. um...
But how much are these paintings
actually worth?
They're priceless.
Priceless?
Wow. I mean. that's...
That's a pretty big payday. no?
Well. you're already being compensated
pretty generously.
Right.
But by the sounds of it.
priceless could be a whole lot more. no?
Well. that's not what this is about.
Does anybody else feel like this?
- Huh?
- Nah. I'm good.
Okay.
Oh. so it's just... just me.
Alright. Never mind. We're good.
So the building has ip cameras all over.
inside and out.
Here we go. There's one right here. Here.
Um. won't they catch you hacking
into the system?
Not this time.
I've doubled the number of times
I've rerouted
as well as doubled my layers.
It'll take them forever
to find me this time.
Plus. I'm not in their network.
I'm just watching the cameras.
You haven't pwned them again?
Funny. No.
Uh. so. so far I've counted
at least ten different guards.
That's more than double
what was at the house.
Not only is that more.
these guys are dangerous.
I've done some facial recognition.
and most of these guys are in the system.
- Ex-cons?
- Worse.
Ex-ksk. kommando spezialkrafte.
German special forces.
The more the merrier. if you ask me.
Easy. The minute one of those guards
sounds the alarm. we're screwed.
Okay. So not a standard smash and grab?
No. it's not. Not this time. Uh-uh.
So how are we gonna get in?
Here.
This garage door.
Is that for special delivery?
Yeah. Shell game on the way out.
Okay. That works.
But I think we're gonna need more.
What do you mean?
Well. I mean.
we're going by assumption here.
He could be playing us.
This could be a trap.
We need confirmation.
What do you think. luce?
Can you get us anything more?
Well. I'm not in his network anymore.
but I've got an idea.
Who you calling?
A girlfriend who owes me a favor.
Yeah. Would... would I like her?
Stupid.
I've never seen you here before.
Oh. we come here all the time.
No. I come here all the time.
I'm sure I would've seen two such
beautiful creatures such as yourself.
Oh. you got me. This is our first time.
but a friend told me that these
were the best martinis in la.
so we had to try them.
Ah. I heard they do the trick.
- Who's your friend?
- Hmm.
- This is Francesca. and I'm Angie.
- Ah.
- It's a pleasure to meet you both.
- Mm.
And you are mister...?
Oh. please. You call me Otto.
Otto? That is an adorable name
- for such a powerful-looking man.
- Mm-hmm.
Otto. maybe you can help us settle
a disagreement we're having.
- Angie here. um...
- Of course.
Doesn't think she looks good tonight.
But don't you think she looks beautiful?
Well...
- No more so than yourself.
- Uh-huh.
And incredibly sexy.
if I'm not being too fonnard.
Oh. thank you.
You should have seen me earlier.
- I was a hot mess.
- She was a mess.
- But Francesca here helped me get ready.
- That's right.
I would say she's quite the artist.
- Don't you think?
- Artist?
Was she your. uh. she your canvas?
Maybe.
Are you... are you a connoisseur?
I know what I like when I see it.
Hmm.
Do you like what you see now?
I have seen the most beautiful art
the world has ever known.
And you both come
into a very close... second.
- Oh. come on.
- Oh. second?
Where have you seen art
more beautiful than us?
- I own it.
- Oh.
Like. you mean. like. a gallery?
More of a private collection
here in Los Angeles.
- Oh. Can we. uh. can we see it?
- Can we see it? Mm.
Like I said. it's a private collection.
One only fit for an Aryan people.
of which you are not.
Good night. ladies.
God. he's such a pig.
- Oh. he's got them here in la. alright.
- What else did he say?
He wouldn't stop bragging
about his private downtown collection.
He wouldn't let us see it. though.
He said... he said we weren't worthy.
Yeah. That sounds like him.
You did good. luce. You did good.
- Thanks.
- Oh...
You okay?
- Yeah.
- You look good.
Hey. guys.
Focus.
Alright. Nadia. Bruno. you guys are up.
Let's do it.
Come on. come on.
- We'll work on that.
- Let's go.
Ah. shit.
Nathan!
- It's Victoria.
- I'm sorry?
We met at my architecture firm.
where you lied your way in
to steal some blueprints.
Um. I'm not quite sure I know
what you're talking about.
You think you're pretty slick?
We have security cameras.
I saw you go into the file room.
Well. that's... that's quite a story.
Don't worry. I didn't tell anyone.
I deleted the security footage.
Really? Why?
Architecture isn't too terribly exciting.
Plus. I might have a weakness
for Latin men.
Is that so?
So what else are you into?
This thing's not gonna zap me. is it?
It's not broadcasting any signals.
It's listening for one.
You know what?
I bet he's got
more than just paintings in there.
Yeah. I bet he's got like gold
or some shit.
- Gold?
- Mm-hmm.
No one deals with gold anymore.
No. you bet your ass
a guy like huizen? He's got gold.
Well. you know what?
Then you could come back and Rob him.
Right now. we're not checking for no gold.
Shit. If I find gold. I'm taking it.
Do you know how heavy gold
worth stealing is?
- You won't get too far.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. wait.
It's opening.
Oh. yeah. I'm picking up the frequency.
- You getting it?
- Hang on.
Agh. you're gonna miss it.
- I'm getting it.
- Hey. it's getting close.
- You're gonna miss it.
- I got it.
Yeah?
- Let's go.
- Woo. Easy.
Alright. done.
That'll open the garage door.
Okay. I'll override the cameras looping
in the street while you guys get in.
What if there's guards
waiting in the garage?
Tsk. Ah. you should leave that
to me. yeah?
Uh. yeah. Uh. no.
No guns.
- What?
- Yeah. no guns.
- Wait. wait. Are you for real?
- Yeah.
You heard what she said
about those guys. right?
They're not messing around.
so...
I said no guns.
- You got that?
- My man.
- we're thieves. not killers.
- Exactly.
This motherfucker's gonna get us killed.
Thank you.
The syndicate does not condone guns
or murder. and neither do I.
That's just fine.
But any friction.
I'm gonna handle things my way.
Yeah?
Alright. everyone ready to go?
Let's do a comms check.
Annabel. you read me?
Okay. I'm starting recording.
Okay. Cameras are looping.
You're invisible.
Alright. here we go.
Fingers crossed.
Jefe. why is it not working?
Fuck. This is gonna be
a short trip. huh? Awesome.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
There we go.
Hell. yeah. girl.
We're in.
Okay. we split up.
Radio silence till you find the safe.
Stay out of sight.
You two. go. Come on.
Holy shit. This is it.
Yeah? How do you know?
It has a biometric lock.
What the hell does that mean?
It means it needs a fingerprint.
Oh. can you open it?
Hold up.
Keep going.
What the hell did you do that for?
You were taking too long.
I had him right where I wanted him.
Let me get that gun.
No guns. remember?
I kicked his ass though.
- Goddammit!
- Oh. my goodness. I'm so sorry.
It's been so long since I've worn heels.
and I've had just a little too much.
I'm fine.
Clean that. Dry it!
Do you copy?
Lucille? Do you copy?
Hey. two guards are approaching.
Holy shit.
That's not a safe.
Nope.
That's a fucking vault.
I knew he had more
than just paintings in there.
Can you open it?
I guess we'll have to find out. right?
Where...
- Hey. Where do we go? Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Eddie.
- Hold on.
- Head up to the eighth floor.
Come on. come on.
That's not a safe.
Really? We hadn't noticed.
Can you open it?
I've always wanted to use this.
Nadia. whatever you're gonna do.
you gotta do it fast.
Oh. hold up. hold up. Is that nuclear?
No. no. no. no. no.
This is a rare earth magnet.
It's made out of neodymium.
Once turned into an alloy with iron
and boron. it becomes magnetized.
Science lesson later.
We gotta get this open right now.
Okay. Just give me one second. Okay.
Speed it up. Nadia. Come on.
I'm trying to find this.
- Come on. come on. come on.
- Give me more time.
We gotta keep the guards away.
What do you got for a diversion?
Hmm. I'll improvise.
- I'll go with him.
- No. luce. no.
- No. no. I need to help him.
- No.
I'll be fine.
You're just full of surprises. aren't you?
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
Shit. I forgot my stethoscope.
Alright. Yeah. Okay.
Alright.
Here we come. Let's get this bad boy.
Now what?
- I'm looking for the solenoid.
- The what?
When you enter a passcode.
the keypad sends a signal to the solenoid.
The signal then passes
through a magnetic field
converting it to a mechanical movement.
If the magnets hit the field.
it causes the locks to unlock.
But it'll go faster
if you help me move. okay? Just...
- Yeah. No. no. yeah. of course. My bad.
- Give me a second...
What's the word?
Just give me one second.
Guys. we don't have enough time.
Yeah. just give me one second. please.
Come on. come on. come on.
Whoo!
Ladies and gents. the treasure.
- Good old sparky.
- Seriously?
All that technology. huh.
and you're just gonna use a saw?
You always gotta go back to the basics.
Holy shit.
They're beautiful.
Look at this motherfucker.
Just the paintings.
Dry it! Give it back to me!
Give me that!
Where are the guards?
Annabel.
you have foolishly put
your people in danger.
And for what?
Now. you will suffer for your insolence.
Go! Go!
Get the hell out of there right now!
Huizen is on his way. Hurry up!
We gotta go.
No. no. no. no. I don't think so. I...
I'm gonna be the one walking out
with those paintings.
- What's the matter?
- Call it an insurance policy.
I carry them.
I either get away or I don't.
You carry them. get nabbed or dropped.
- I get nothing.
- No. Stick to the plan.
Alright. we don't have time for this shit.
No. no. no. no.
I'm not leaving without those paintings.
- Just give it to him. it's fine.
- Yeah.
- Happy?
- Yeah. I'm happy.
Split up! Move!
Shit.
- Go. Go. go.
- Okay.
Fuck!
Shit.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
I've just been shot!
- Nadia! Nadia. Nadia! What happened?
- Come on.
- They shot me! They fucking shot me!
- Okay. okay. Hold on. hold on.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
- Fuck!
- Let's go!
Go. go. go. go!
- Hurry. hurry.
- Shit.
We gotta go. Go. go. go. go. go.
Freeze! Hold it! Hold it! Don't move!
- Drop it.
- Okay.
Drop it. now!
- Back the fuck up!
- Okay.
Eddie. get in the car.
Hurry up!
Jesus!
Let's go! Eddie. let's go! Go!
- What the fuck?!
- Fuck!
Just hold on.
Okay. I got it. I got it.
I got it. I got it. I got it.
Okay. just hold on.
Okay. Nadia. you're alright.
Come on. up in this chair.
Get me the first aid kit.
- Where?
- It's right there. Right there.
Let me see. mama. That's right.
You're okay.
- Let me look at it. Let me look at it.
- Yeah.
- Press it.
- First aid. Look...
- I think it's okay.
- What the hell was that?!
Oh. my god! Fuck.
What about your little no-gun rule. huh?
- Hey. hey. hey.
- Why did you kill that guard?
Why did you kill that guard?!
- Everybody. just shut the fuck up!
- Annie?!
- Quiet! Quiet!
- What the hell were you thinking?!
We don't do that! That's not us!
Okay. You're alright. You're alright.
We go to the syndicate
and tell them what happened.
No! You know they'll have nothing
to do with this.
Annabel. you said they were priceless.
- Sell them to the highest bidder.
- No.
Selling stolen art is the quickest way
to get busted. even on the dark web.
- We can't do that.
- Then what?
Then what?!
Fuck.
- We destroy them.
- No.
- Yes.
- No way! Not again.
- Yes!
- No. Ransom.
- We demand a ransom from the Nazis.
- No.
No. Josef would have never wanted that.
Josef? I'm so done giving a shit
about Josef and your little cause.
Alright? You just shot a guard
in cold blood.
You did that.
Now me. I'm gonna get paid
one way or another.
Alright?
Hey. Annabel.
Hey. guys.
He said he'd meet later today.
Where are you going?
Tsk. So close.
Uh. I got some errands to run.
Is that okay with you guys?
- The paintings?
- Yeah. like I trust any of you.
Especially you.
Whoa. whoa. We can't just let you
walk out of here with that.
- I'm coming.
- Yeah. I don't... I don't care.
See you later.
What the hell are we doing?
Gotta unload something real quick.
I thought you quit.
Agh. No. Just out collecting.
I got something you want.
Boom.
What do you think?
Where'd you get this?
It's pretty nice. huh?
I'm gonna ask you again.
Where'd you get it?
- Does it matter?
- Hell. yes. it matters.
It's my ass that's on the line.
Okay. Look. old man.
I know you know people. all right?
I know you got buyers for shit like this.
I do.
- What the hell?
- Calm down.
That's what I'm talking about. Mm.
Smells so good.
One ain't enough.
They're gonna want more.
No worries. gramps.
Plenty more where that came from.
Let's roll.
Something's not right.
He should be here by now.
I'm gonna go find the others.
Listen. Try and stay out of trouble. huh?
Where is she?
I'm sure she's around.
You are either incredibly brave
or incredibly stupid.
I'm the one who's here. ain't I?
Tell me why I don't just shoot you
where you stand and take what is mine.
Maybe there's a gun on you right now.
Maybe if you kill me.
the cops will be here
before you make it out with your car.
You have no idea
how much those are worth. do you?
I figure... a million?
More than enough to live
a pretty damn good life.
A million? Yeah.
Is that all?
What is this?
That's an account number. chief.
Sure you got a team of bankers
on speed dial.
Fine.
Now. I'll take my paintings.
Sorry about your guy.
My guy?
Yeah. I mean. you know how these things go
sometimes. right?
Shoot or get shot.
I think we have a problem here.
Yeah. and what's that?
None of my guards were shot.
Bullshit. I saw him go down.
And these are not my paintings.
What are you talking about?
They... they are.
I don't believe that monet or Van gogh
bought their canvases from a hobby store.
Son of a bitch.
They switched bags on me.
Alright. uh...
To steal my paintings is one thing.
But to steal my gold.
that's a grave mistake.
What-what are you talking about?
I'm trying to bring your shit back to you.
You know what they used to do to thieves
in Nazi Germany?
- Miss Gomez?
- Yes?
The museum is immensely grateful
for your donation.
It has always been believed
that these works were lost forever.
May I ask. how did they come to be
in your possession?
I own them.
They were given to me
by the original owner. Josef Goodman.
He was a holocaust survivor.
These are the original ownership papers
and letters of authorship
from the artists themselves.
- May I?
- Yes.
My goodness.
We will. of course.
have to examine these for authenticity.
Of course. of course.
I know they're real and I'm sure
you'll find that to be true as well.
Thank you.
Those are my paintings.
I would love to see you tell that
to the authorities.
Keep them.
I was tired of them anyway.
- Is that so?
- Mm.
How did you do it?
How did you allow that fool
to bring me those fakes?
I'm not leaving without those paintings.
Just give it to him. it's fine.
- Drop it. Drop it. now!
- Okay. okay.
Hurry up.
We're good. right?
Yeah. we're good.
Every time you walk into that vault.
and see four empty spaces on the wall.
I want you to wonder.
how did she do it?
How did my team walk out of your vault
with these four paintings?
You think you've gotten away
with something so grand here?
These paintings are nothing compared
to my other treasures.
pieces far greater in value
and significance
than... than some old canvases.
I'm sure. And we're coming for all of it.
And we won't stop
until we get every last piece
and give it back to the world.
I'm not so sure you'll get a chance.
It's time now for me to collect the bounty
from the kerrs.
Well. like I said.
you know where to find me.
But until you do. I have some friends
who would love to speak to you.
Oh. look at this.
You can't hide her forever.
I've seen what you're willing to risk
for some old paintings.
But what is a mother willing to risk
for the safety of her own child?
Trust me.
You don't wanna fucking know.
Mr. Huizen.
would you come with us. please?
What is this about?
These treasures of yours.
We have some questions for you
regarding documentation of ownership
and whether or not you've paid taxes.
Right this way.
Hey. Annabel?
- Yeah?
- Can I ask you something?
Where'd you get the fingerprints?
And how'd you know
we were gonna need them?
Sorry. That was... that was me.
Yeah. I. uh. I overheard him bragging
about all his treasures.
and how he keeps them well-protected
with guards and biometrics
and the state-of—the-art safe.
Which turned out to be a vault. Right.
Hmm.
Son of a bitch was so arrogant
he didn't know the difference
between a vault and a safe.
Wait a second. how did you know
Bruno was gonna double-cross us?
We needed a wildcard.
Someone to take the fall
if things went bad.
Yeah. and he played the role perfectly.
I mean. him going there alone was the best
smoke and mirrors we could have hoped for
to get these paintings here safely.
- Yeah.
- Yep.
Yep. yep. yep-
Josef. we did it.
Oh. Annabel. you've done well.
Josef would be proud.
The paintings you recovered
are-are priceless.
Our appraisers have valued them beyond
the levels of our... our current assets.
And with their donation to the museum.
we're able to shelter
our other taxable resources.
Our budget for future operations
has tripled.
And Josef was not the only one
the Nazis stole from.
There are others.
And like Josef.
they have done everything in their power
to preserve their ownership and right.
So we hope you are not considering
retirement just yet.
I wouldn't think of it.
I 'Chaim.
- L'Chaim.
Alright. ladies. round two.
- Yes!
- Alright.
Woo-hoo!
- Oh. she ready? What?
- What?
I just. uh... I've been thinking. right?
I don't... I don't know.
Like. I get that we did
a good thing. right?
You know. that everybody gets to see
the paintings. the Nazis don't have them.
But why do we have to donate them?
- Oh. come on.
- I just... you know?
- We did a good deed.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah.
- That should be reward enough.
Listen. Plus. it saves the syndicate
millions in taxes
when you donate the paintings.
That means we make more money
to steal more shit.
- Exactly.
- Mm-hmm.
Which. now that you mention it.
the syndicate has another Mark for us.
So. who's up for another challenge?
Huh? Huh?
You know you're my ride or die. Annie.
- Yes.
- Ooh.
- I mean. it beats the hell
out of spending another five to ten
with the feds. so I'm in.
Nadia?
- Hell. yeah.
- Hell. yeah!
- So glad for you.
- You two.
Are we good?
- You know...
- Come on. come on.
It still would have been cool
to be millionaires.
I'm just... I'm just saying. you know.
- Cheers.